== jsUnityRunner

An asynchronous (browser based) test runner for jsUnity.

Check out the Wiki for detailed info and releases.
  http://wiki.github.com/tinyhippos/jsUnityRunner/

See the jsUnity Wiki as well for test helpers.
  jsUnity wiki: http://code.google.com/p/jsunity/w/list

== Notes

Currently being developed and tested in Chrome but should run fine in other browsers (Firefox, Opera, Safari, etc), no IE yet.
But! Universal support (as per the jsUnity way) will be a definite goal. Plus jsunity has a Rhino runner already.

== Loading Suite Objects

Test Suite objects are specified in "tests/tests.json" and picked up on load.

== Including DOM content

Stored by default in "tests/markup.html"

You can also reset your markup each suite by setting "resetMarkup: true" in your suite object. 
If false it will be loaded once.

== Customizing Test Configurations

Check out "app/config.js" for more options such as changing test suite and markup file locations.

== Key Commands

    c --> clear
    r --> run
    s --> stop
    a --> resume

== Examples

See the examples folder for creating various test suites including asynchronous tests.

== Attributions

Licensed Under: The MIT License
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Copyright (c) 2010 all Contributors:

Brent Lintner
Dan Silivestru

== Other References

jsUnityRunner makes use of the following third party resources. (kudos)
(See thirdparty/ files for license declaration.)

--> jsUnity : Universal JavaScript Testing Framework (http://github.com/atesgoral/jsunity)
--> jQuery JavaScript Library (http://github.com/jquery/jquery)